# vimproc

vimproc requires a native extension to be built, and will not work properly if
that library (a `.so` or `.dll`) is missing.

Supported platforms:
* Windows 32/64bit (Compiled by MinGW or Visual Studio)
* Mac OS X (10.5 or later)
* Linux
* Cygwin
* Solaris
* BSD (but cannot check)
* Android (experimental)

Not supported platforms:
* Other UNIX platforms

## Install

### Manual Install

* Clone this repo
* Build vimproc's native extensions (see Building for details)
* Copy `autoload/*` and `plugin/*` files to your 'runtimepath' directory (see
  `:help runtimepath`).

### NeoBundle

If you use [neobundle.vim](http://github.com/Shougo/neobundle.vim), you can
update and build vimproc automatically. This is the recomended package manager.

```vim
NeoBundle 'Shougo/vimproc', {
      \ 'build' : {
      \     'windows' : 'make -f make_mingw32.mak',
      \     'cygwin' : 'make -f make_cygwin.mak',
      \     'mac' : 'make -f make_mac.mak',
      \     'unix' : 'make -f make_unix.mak',
      \    },
      \ }
```

### Pathogen

vimproc uses a pathogen compatiable structure, so it can be managed with
[pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), however you must remember to
compile after cloning the repo.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Shougo/vimproc.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/vimproc.vim
cd ~/.vim/bundle/vimproc.vim
make
```

## Building

Note: You must use GNU make to build vimproc.

### Linux and Mac OS X

    $ make

### FreeBSD

    $ gmake

### Windows

Note: In Windows, using MinGW is recommended.

Windows using Mingw (32bit Vim):

    $ make -f make_mingw32.mak

Windows using Mingw (64bit Vim):

    $ make -f make_mingw64.mak

Windows using newer version of Visual Studio(32bit/64bit Vim):
    $ nmake -f make_msvc.mak nodebug=1

Windows using old version of Visual Studio for 32bit Vim (Ex: Visual Studio 2005):
    $ SET INCLUDE=%INCLUDE%;C:\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v7.1\Include
    $ SET LIB=%LIB%;C:\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v7.1\Lib
    $ nmake -f make_msvc32.mak

Note: To build with Visual Studio, you must install Windows SDK.

* Cygwin:

    $ make -f make_cygwin.mak

Note: The `vimproc_cygwin.dll` compiled in Cygwin won't work with Windows Vim.

### Windows Binaries

Precompiled `vimproc_win**.dll` for 32/64 bit Windows, can be obtained from the
below URL. However, I DON'T recommend to use it. You should build dll files
manually.

https://github.com/Shougo/vimproc/downloads

Note: Github downloads feature is deprecated. It may be deleted.

### Kaoriya

[Kaoriya Vim](http://www.kaoriya.net/) comes bundled with a precompiled version
for vimproc
